hat horomone does the thyroid gland produce?
Glucagon, which regulates Metabolism.
Thymosin, which helps T cells mature.
Calcitonin, which regulates calcium in the blood.
Thyroxine, which stores extra glucose as glycogen.
Calcitonin, which regulates calcium in the blood.
The correct answer is "Calcitonin, which regulates calcium in the blood".The Thyroid Gland releases this and Thyroxine, which regulates Growth/Development and Maturation.
What organ has high activity during the early stages of one's life?
The Lungs.
The Thymus Gland.
The Thyroid Gland.
The Kidneys.
The Thymus Gland.
"The Thymus Gland" is correct. This is because T cells, which the Thymus Gland creates, are matured heavily in childhood.
What type of tissue is the Diaphgram made of?
Connective tissue.
Epithelial tissue.
Nervous tissue.
Muscle tissue.
Muscle tissue.
The correct answer is Muscle tissue. The Diaphgram is a muscle that expands, increasing the size of the chest cavity and decreasing air pressure, causing air to go in.
What compound does the Nephron produce?
Anti-Diuretic horomone.
Plasma.
Water.
Salt.
Anti-Diuretic horomone.
The correct answer is Anti-Diuretic horomone. This horomone causes excess urination in the body when it comes into contact with diuretics, such as coffee/alcohol.
What is below the Trachea?
The Thyroid Gland.
The Bronchus/Bronchioles.
The Larynx.
The Thymus Glands.
The Bronchus/Bronchioles.
The correct answer is the Bronchus/Bronchioles. The Bronchus/Bronchioles take in air from the trachea into the lungs to oxygenate the blood.
What is the condition when not enough horomone is produced in the thyroid gland?
Hyperthyroidism.
Hashimoto's Thyroiditis.
Hypothyroidism.
Postpartum Thyroiditis.
Hypothyroidism.
The correct answer is hypothyroidism, when not enough thyroxine is produced. This can cause slower metabolism, causing weight gain.
What does the circulatory system and respiratory system do when working together?
Exchange gasses.
Build amino acids.
Supply energy.
Move blood around the body.
Exchange gasses.
The correct answer is exchange gasses. The circulatory system gets rid of CO2 and the lungs get oxygen into circulation when they interact.
What is true about vaccination?
It makes immunocompromised people unable to catch the disease.
It is achieved when around 75-85% of a population is vaccinated.
The secondary response the vaccine creates is weaker than a primary response.
Immunity is acheived when memory cells are produced fast enough.
Immunity is acheived when memory cells are produced fast enough.
The correct answer is that immunity is acheived when memory cells are produced fast enough. This is because memory cells can recognize pathogens that have previously entered the body and can set a secondary response.
What is true about strokes?
The process in which one is created is called hypotension.
Hemorraghic strokes can be caused by weakness in artery walls.
TCI is helpful against hemorraghic strokes while harmful to ischemic ones.
Most strokes are hemorraghic strokes.
Hemorraghic strokes can be caused by weakness in artery walls.
The correct answer is that hemorraghic strokes can be caused by weakness in artery walls. This is also known as cereberal aneurysm.
Blood and nutrients are carried from the mother to the developing fetus through the........
cervix
endometrium
umbilical cord
Fallopian tubes
umbilical cord
The correct answer is the umbilical cord, which takes in blood and nutrients into the fetus's circulatory system.
Identify the male sex hormone.
estrogen
progesterone
testosterone
collagen
testosterone
The correct answer is testosterone. Testosterone is what signals male development and emotional changes.
The hormone that helps with digesting food is called                .
insulin
estrogen
testosterone
adrenaline
insulin
The correct answer is insulin. When there is too much sugar in the blood, insulin stores it as glycogen.
